feat: implement the `PascalCase` rule. (#90)
stjude-rust-labs/wdl: wdl-lint/RULES.md

| `MatchingParameterMeta`          | Completeness                  | Ensures that inputs have a matching entry in a `parameter_meta` section.              |
| `MissingRuntime`                 | Completeness, Portability     | Ensures that tasks have a runtime section.                                            |
| `NoCurlyCommands`                | Clarity                       | Ensures that tasks use heredoc syntax in command sections.                            |
| `PascalCase`                     | Clarity, Naming, Style        | Ensures that structs are defined with PascalCase names.                               |
| `PreambleComments`               | Clarity, Spacing, Style       | Ensures that documents have correct comments in the preamble.                         |
| `PreambleWhitespace`             | Spacing, Style                | Ensures that documents have correct whitespace in the preamble.                       |

> | `SnakeCase`                      | Clarity, Naming, Style        | Ensures that tasks, workflows, and variables use snake_case names.                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SnakeCase`                      | Clarity, Naming, Style        | Ensures that tasks, workflows, and variables are defined with snake_case names.                    |
```
I think the `PascalCase` and `SnakeCase` rules should have mirrored language/phrasing.
